Intro (#53)
infinum/eightshift-docs: website/docs/basics/blocks-component-in-block.md

---

[![docs-source](https://img.shields.io/badge/source-eigthshift--frontend--libs-yellow?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&labelColor=2a2a2a)](https://github.com/infinum/eightshift-frontend-libs/tree/develop/blocks/init/src/blocks/)

> Blocks and components go perfectly together because they are made this way. We simplified this as much as possible but there always a few things you need to do manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Blocks and components work perfectly together because they are made that way. We simplified this as much as possible but there always a few things you need to do manually.
```

Try to think of your development process in this way:

> - Each component must be standalone and not depend on and different components (sometimes this is not possible but keep this to a minimum).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Each component must be standalone and ideally not depend on any other components (sometimes this is not possible but keep this to a minimum).
```

> - All components must not be aware of the layout it is used in.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- All components **must not** be aware of the layout it is used in.
```

> - All components must not be aware of the layout it is used in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Components must not be aware of the layout they are used in.
```

> - You don't add global styles as you did in Bootstrap before.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- No global styles. Instead all styles should be contained to the block. _(maybe a link to a section in docs explaining why we don't use global styles if we have that)_
```

> - You should define all headings in a heading component, and everywhere you have a heading, use this component and not a new implementation of it. (this is an example, but this implies to every component).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You should define all heading variations in a `heading` component. Then use this component everywhere you have a heading instead of writing a new implementation. In practice: don't do `<h2>$heading</h2>` but render the `heading` component instead `Components::render( 'heading', $attributes )` (Heading is an example, but this implies to every component).
```

> - You should define all headings in a heading component, and everywhere you have a heading, use this component and not a new implementation of it. (this is an example, but this implies to every component).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You should define all headings in a heading component, and everywhere you have a heading, use this component and not a new implementation of it. The heading is an example, but this implies to every component.
```

- You can have multiple heading components in one block.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Remove empty space.

### I want to use one heading component in my block.

> If you have heading component with this attributes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a heading component with these attributes:
```

> ```js

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

`src/Components/heading/manifest.json`
```js
```

"attributes": {
  "headingContent": {
    "type": "string"
  },
  "headingLevel": {
    "type": "int",
    "default": 2
  },
  "headingSize": {
    "type": "string",
    "default": "default"
  },
}
```

and you want to use the heading component in the Jumbotron block, you can use it by adding a component's key in the Jumbotron block manifest like this:

> ```js

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`src/Blocks/jumbotron/manifest.json`

```js
```

"attributes": {
  "content": {
    "type": "string"
    "default": "test",
  }
},
"components": {
  "heading": "heading"
}
```

> in your blocks attributes object, you will now have these keys:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in your block attributes object, you will now have these keys:
```

```js

> // Attributes from component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Attributes from the component.
```

"headingContent": "",
"headingLevel": 2,
"headingSize": "default",

> // Attributes from a block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Attributes from the block.
```
